Organisation meeting - 17th July 2017
====
The largest change that was discussed is changing the focus of the group to be more community based rather than focused around the talks as well as stopping the trip to the pub to be a bit more inclusive. More details [here](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/2). On top of this, we should also ensure to promote the CoC at the start of every event.

We also discussed some things around the communication, such as setting up an Eventbrite page ([more details](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/11)), moving the website to Github Pages ([more info](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/3)), using the mailing list more ([more info](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/4)), setting up feedback forms ([more info](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/7)) and the idea of a Leeds tech slack instead of just a LeedsJS one in an effort to bring the groups in the area closer together ([more info](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues/10)).

For all items to address going forward, please see the [issues](https://github.com/LeedsJS/organisation/issues) section of this repository.
